

Hi Ben

Here is the next walkthrough, hope it helps!

I'm presented with a puzzle with several options but no goal or question. It feels like the challenge is something along the lines of "what is a user need" since that is the option pulsing, but no direction, explanation or context of what I am doing here. Feels like I was thrown a couple steps in.

Animations are lovely and work great. Definition of value chain is crisp and easy to get. Walking through the nodes explaining them also works very nicely. Provides a moment of pause and doesn't assume what the user knows.

Very nice also the split into multiple capabilities and the comparison with a recipe.

Very nice that we start with who we are helping. Chose "home cook" since we are taking recipes. However I am presented with an option and an open text box when choosing the need. I am concerned about the open text. I don't know if I will mess up if I enter sth that is not prepared or scripted. This experience is so guided that I don't even know if it will take a random suggestion. Since there is no back button I'll go with the default one.

This repeats again. I click and select the pills. Not sure what the open text would provide (it even has the pill's text as a placeholder. Am I supposed to type it in? I already have the pill for that)

Since we are trying stuff I entered a different capability. It placed it in the value chain. That's ok.

Placement works nicely. It feels like it supports my choices as I move back and forth. No one explained me what this placement is for or how it is relevant to what I am trying to do.
Animations are still cool

I like the cue, let's use the map to think. Eager to see what happens. 
The framing of wrong placement, presenting the Bias, the prompt question. All feels great, clear, reversible. I am in control. Wonder if I could get this experience earlier (e.g. when choosing default or custom capabilities and why).

Mmm, the dialogs kept on repeating. Didn't know if I was in a loop or this was intended to happen. Eventually a Done option appear but not sure why and when.
The dialogs themselves guide me through thinking but when it feels like I am going to reach an insight or a diagnostic it jumps (with no end-start cue) into the next question. It's a bit frustrating cos I was aiming to fix my thinking with the conclusion. Wonder if there will be a summary/diagnostic/report at the end

A couple of labels have appeared in the map, but I'm not familiar with them nor what caused them to be.

Looks like we are done. The strategic part was the most interesting bit, but it felt a bit chaotic and without a pay off.

